add release notes for 7.5.3 (#18334)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-7.5.3.md

    - Fix the issue that recursive CTE queries might result in invalid pointers [#54449](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54449) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
    - Fix the issue that statistics collection does not update the `stats_history` table when encountering duplicate primary keys [#47539](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47539) @[Defined2014](https://github.com/Defined2014)
    - Fix the issue that when queries contain non-correlated subqueries and `LIMIT` clauses, column pruning might be incomplete, resulting in a less optimal plan [#54213](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54213) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)
    - Fix the issue of abnormally high memory usage caused by `memTracker` not being detached when the `HashJoin` or `IndexLookUp` operator is the driven side sub-node of the `Apply` operator [#54005](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54005) @[XuHuaiyu](https://github.com/XuHuaiyu)
    - Fix the issue that the recursive CTE operator incorrectly tracks memory usage [#54181](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54181) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)

>     - Fix the issue that the memory used by transactions might be repeatedly tracked multiple times [#53984](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53984) @[ekexium](https://github.com/ekexium)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the memory used by transactions might be tracked multiple times [#53984](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53984) @[ekexium](https://github.com/ekexium)
```

+ TiFlash

    - Fix the issue that a large number of duplicate rows might be read in FastScan mode after importing data via BR or TiDB Lightning [#9118](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9118) @[JinheLin](https://github.com/JinheLin)
    - Fix the issue that the `SUBSTRING_INDEX()` function might cause TiFlash to crash in some corner cases [#9116](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9116) @[wshwsh12](https://github.com/wshwsh12)
    - Fix the issue that setting the SSL certificate configuration to an empty string in TiFlash incorrectly enables TLS and causes TiFlash to fail to start [#9235](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9235) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
    - Fix the issue that some queries might report a column type mismatch error after late materialization is enabled [#9175](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9175) @[JinheLin](https://github.com/JinheLin)
    - Fix the issue that queries with virtual generated columns might return incorrect results after late materialization is enabled [#9188](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9188) @[JinheLin](https://github.com/JinheLin)

>     - Fix the issue that TiFlash might panic after executing `RENAME TABLE ... TO ...` on a partitioned table with empty partitions across databases [#9132](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9132) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that TiFlash might panic after executing `RENAME TABLE ... TO ...` on a partitioned table with empty partitions across databases [#9132](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9132) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
    - Fix the issue that TiFlash might panic when a database is created and then dropped quickly [#9266](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/9266) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
```
New PR merged https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/pull/9275

---
title: TiDB 7.5.3 Release Notes
summary: Learn about the compatibility changes, improvements, and bug fixes in TiDB 7.5.3.
---

# TiDB 7.5.3 Release Notes

Release date: xx xx, 2024

TiDB version: 7.5.3

Quick access: [Quick start](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.5/quick-start-with-tidb) | [Production deployment](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.5/production-deployment-using-tiup)

## Compatibility changes

> - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/${repo-name}/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})

Author: ```suggestion
- Add a new system table [`INFORMATION_SCHEMA.KEYWORDS`](/information-schema/information-schema-keywords.md) to display the information of all keywords supported by TiDB [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/${repo-name}/issues/${issue-id}) @[dveeden](https://github.com/dveeden)
```
@dveeden Could you please provide the GitHub issue of this compatibility change?

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/54219

Reviewer 3: There are two other ones, but I don't think we need to mention those. All 3 are listed in the description of https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/18155

    - (dup): release-8.2.0.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that highly concurrent Coprocessor requests might cause TiKV OOM [#16653](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16653) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
    - (dup): release-8.2.0.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that CDC and log-backup do not limit the timeout of `check_leader` using the `advance-ts-interval` configuration, causing the `resolved_ts` lag to be too large when TiKV restarts normally in some cases [#17107](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17107) @[MyonKeminta](https://github.com/MyonKeminta)
    - Fix the issue that TiKV might repeatedly panic when applying a corrupted Raft data snapshot [#15292](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15292) @[LykxSassinator](https://github.com/LykxSassinator)

+ PD
  <!-- tw: @qiancai (8)-->
    - (dup): release-7.1.4.md > Bug fixes> PD - Fix the issue that slots are not fully deleted in a resource group client, which causes the number of the allocated tokens to be less than the specified value [#7346](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7346) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)

>     - Fix the issue that a resource group encounters quota limits when requesting tokens for more than 500ms [#8349](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8349) @[nolouch](https://github.com/nolouch)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that a resource group encounters quota limits when requesting tokens for more than 500 ms [#8349](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8349) @[nolouch](https://github.com/nolouch)
```

    - Fix the data race issue of resource groups [#8267](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8267) @[HuSharp](https://github.com/HuSharp)

>     - Fix the data race issue that PD encounters during operator checks [#8263](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8263)](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8263) @[lhy1024](https://github.com/lhy1024)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the data race issue that PD encounters during operator checks [#8263](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8263) @[lhy1024](https://github.com/lhy1024)
```

    - Fix the issue that deleted nodes still appear in the candidate connection list in etcd client [#8286](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8286) @[JmPotato](https://github.com/JmPotato)
    - Fix the issue that setting the TiKV configuration item [`coprocessor.region-split-size`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-split-size) to a value less than 1 MiB causes PD panic [#8323](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8323) @[JmPotato](https://github.com/JmPotato)
    - Fix the issue that the encryption manager is not initialized before use [#8384](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8384) @[releungx](https://github.com/releungx)

>     - Fix the issue that PD logs are not fully redacted when the PD configuration item [`redact-info-log`](/pd-configuration-file.md#redact-info-log-new-in-v50) is enabled [#8419](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8419) @[releungx](https://github.com/releungx)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that PD logs are not fully redacted when the PD configuration item [`security.redact-info-log`](/pd-configuration-file.md#redact-info-log-new-in-v50) is enabled [#8419](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/8419) @[releungx](https://github.com/releungx)
```

        - (dup): release-8.2.0.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the inefficiency issue in scanning DDL jobs during incremental backups [#54139](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54139) @[3pointer](https://github.com/3pointer)
        - (dup): release-8.2.0.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the issue that the backup performance during checkpoint backups is affected due to interruptions in seeking Region leaders [#17168](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/17168) @[Leavrth](https://github.com/Leavrth)
        - (dup): release-8.1.0.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the issue that after pausing, stopping, and rebuilding the log backup task, the task status is normal, but the checkpoint does not advance [#53047](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53047) @[RidRisR](https://github.com/RidRisR)
        - Fix the issue that DDLs requiring backfilling, such as `ADD INDEX` and `MODIFY COLUMN`, might not be correctly recovered during incremental restore [#54426](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54426) @[3pointer](https://github.com/3pointer)

    + TiCDC
      <!-- tw: @Oreoxmt (2)-->

>         - Fix the issue that the checksum is not correctly set to `0` after splitting Update events [#11402](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/11402) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that the checksum is not correctly set to `0` after splitting `UPDATE` events [#11402](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/11402) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)
```

---
title: TiDB 7.5.3 Release Notes
summary: Learn about the compatibility changes, improvements, and bug fixes in TiDB 7.5.3.
---

# TiDB 7.5.3 Release Notes

Release date: xx xx, 2024

TiDB version: 7.5.3

Quick access: [Quick start](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.5/quick-start-with-tidb) | [Production deployment](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.5/production-deployment-using-tiup)

## Compatibility changes
<!-- tw: @Oreoxmt (1)-->
- Add a new system table [`INFORMATION_SCHEMA.KEYWORDS`](/information-schema/information-schema-keywords.md) to display the information of all keywords supported by TiDB [#48801](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48801) @[dveeden](https://github.com/dveeden)

## Improvements

+ TiDB

    - (dup): release-8.2.0.md > Improvements> TiDB - By batch deleting TiFlash placement rules, improve the processing speed of data GC after performing the `TRUNCATE` or `DROP` operation on partitioned tables [#54068](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54068) @[Lloyd-Pottiger](https://github.com/Lloyd-Pottiger)

+ TiKV
  <!-- tw: @qiancai (1)-->

>     - 删除非必要的 async block 以减少内存使用 [#16540](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16540) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

    + TiDB Lightning

        - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})
        - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})

    + Dumpling

        - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})
        - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})

    + TiUP

        - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tiup/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})
        - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tiup/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})

    + TiDB Binlog

        - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-binlog/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})
        - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-binlog/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})

## Bug fixes

+ TiDB
  <!-- tw: @hfxsd (8)-->

>     - 修复加载 index 统计信息可能会造成内存泄漏的问题 [#54022](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54022) @[hi-rustin](https://github.com/hi-rustin)
>     - 修复了 update 操作可以触发 stats cache的淘汰机制 [#53742](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53742) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
>     - 修复了在 Group By 语句中的引用间接占位符 ？会无法找到列的问题 [#53872] https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53872 @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that loading index statistics might cause memory leaks [#54022](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54022) @[hi-rustin](https://github.com/hi-rustin)
    - Fix the issue that the `UPDATE` operation can cause TiDB OOM in multi-table scenarios [#53742](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53742) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
    - Fix the issue that indirect placeholder `?' references in a `GROUP BY` statement cannot find columns [#53872] https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53872 @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)
```

>     - Fix the issue that indirect placeholder `?' references in a `GROUP BY` statement cannot find columns [#53872] https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53872 @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that indirect placeholder `?` references in a `GROUP BY` statement cannot find columns [#53872] https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53872 @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)
```

>     - Fix the issue that the `LENGTH()` condition is unexpectedly removed when the sort rule is `utf8_bin` or `utf8mb4_bin` [#53730](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53730) @[elsa0520](https://github.com/elsa0520)

Reviewer 6: Ref: https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/character-set-and-collation
```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the `LENGTH()` condition is unexpectedly removed when the collation is `utf8_bin` or `utf8mb4_bin` [#53730](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53730) @[elsa0520](https://github.com/elsa0520)
```

    - Fix the issue that inserting an overlarge number in scientific notation returns a warning instead of an error, making it consistent with MySQL [#47787](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47787) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)
    - Fix the issue that recursive CTE queries might result in invalid pointers [#54449](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54449) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)

>     - Fix the issue that statistics do not update the `stats_history` table when encountering primary key duplicates [#47539](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47539) @[Defined2014](https://github.com/Defined2014)

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that statistics collection does not update the `stats_history` table when encountering duplicate primary keys [#47539](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47539) @[Defined2014](https://github.com/Defined2014)
```

>     - Fix the issue that when queries contain non-correlated subqueries and `LIMIT` clauses, column pruning might be incomplete and result in a less optimal plan [#54213](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54213) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that when queries contain non-correlated subqueries and `LIMIT` clauses, column pruning might be incomplete, resulting in a less optimal plan [#54213](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54213) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)
```

>   <!-- tw: @lilin90 (9)-->

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
  <!-- tw: @lilin90 (8)-->
```

>     - Fixed the issue of abnormally high memory usage caused by memTracker not being detached in HashJoin and IndexLookUp operators when used as the inner side of the Apply operator. [#54005](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54005) @[XuHuaiyu](https://github.com/XuHuaiyu)
>     - Fix the issue that recursive CTE operator tracks memory usage incorrectly. [#54181](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54181) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)
>     - 修复了一些事务 buffer 内存被重复统计的问题 [#53984](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53984) @[ekexium](https://github.com/ekexium)
>     - 修复了 `show warnings` 获取警告时可能 panic 的问题 [#48756](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48756) @[xhebox](https://github.com/xhebox)
>     - 修复了在 `sql_mode=''` 时，将 unsigned 类型字段更新为 `-1` 会得到 NULL 而不是 0 的问题。[#47816](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47816) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)
>     - 修复了插入过大的科学计数法表示的数字时，返回 Warning 而非 Error 的问题。[#47787](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47787) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)
>     - 修复了监控指标中连接数小于正常值的问题。[#54428](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54428) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)
>     - 修复了使用 TiProxy 和 Resource Group 功能时连接数显示不正常的问题。[#54545](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54545) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
    - 修复在 `HashJoin` 或 `IndexLookUp` 算子作为 `Apply` 算子的被驱动侧子节点时，由于 `memTracker` 未被析构而导致的内存异常高的问题 [#54005](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54005) @[XuHuaiyu](https://github.com/XuHuaiyu)
    - 修复递归的 CTE 算子错误地跟踪内存使用的问题 [#54181](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54181) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)
    - 修复事务占用的内存可能被多次重复统计的问题 [#53984](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53984) @[ekexium](https://github.com/ekexium)
    - 修复使用 `SHOW WARNINGS;` 获取警告时可能导致 panic 的问题 [#48756](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48756) @[xhebox](https://github.com/xhebox)
    - 修复在 `sql_mode=''` 时，将 `UNSIGNED` 类型字段更新为 `-1` 会得到 NULL 而不是 `0` 的问题 [#47816](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47816) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)
    - 修复当第一个参数是 `month` 并且第二个参数是负数时，`TIMESTAMPADD()` 函数会进入无限循环的问题 [#54908](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54908) @[xzhangxian1008](https://github.com/xzhangxian1008)
    - 修复插入过大的科学计数法表示的数字时，返回 Warning 而非 Error 的问题 [#47787](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47787) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)
    - 修复某些连接在握手完成之前退出导致监控指标中连接数 (Connection Count) 不正确的问题 [#54428](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54428) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)
    - 修复使用 TiProxy 和资源组功能时，每个资源组的连接数 (Connection Count) 显示不正确的问题 [#54545](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54545) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)
```

        - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})

    + TiUP

        - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tiup/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})
        - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tiup/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})

    + TiDB Binlog

        - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-binlog/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})
        - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-binlog/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})

## Bug fixes

+ TiDB
  <!-- tw: @hfxsd (8)-->
    - 修复加载 index 统计信息可能会造成内存泄漏的问题 [#54022](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54022) @[hi-rustin](https://github.com/hi-rustin)
    - 修复了 update 操作可以触发 stats cache的淘汰机制 [#53742](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53742) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
    - 修复了在 Group By 语句中的引用间接占位符 ？会无法找到列的问题 [#53872] https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53872 @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)

>     - 修复当排序规则为 utf8_bin 或 utf8mb4_bin 时意外消除“length()”条件的错误 [#53730](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53730) @[elsa0520](https://github.com/elsa0520)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the "length()" condition is accidentally removed when the sort rule is `utf8_bin` or `utf8mb4_bin` [#53730](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53730) @[elsa0520](https://github.com/elsa0520)
```

>     - 修复插入大科学记数法数字时的行为，使其与 mysql 保持一致 [#47787](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47787) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
    - Fix the abnormal behavior when inserting a large scientific notation number to make it consistent with MySQL [#47787](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47787) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)
```

>     - 修复递归 CTE 查询中可能会导致的无效指针 [#54449](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54449) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
>     - 修复统计数据在遇到重复时应该更新 stats_history 表，而不是现实插入 duplicate 错误 [#47539](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47539) @[Defined2014](https://github.com/Defined2014)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that recursive CTE queries might result in invalid pointers [#54449](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54449) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
    - Fix the issue that statistics incorrectly insert duplicates first instead of updating the `stats_history` table when encountering duplicates [#47539](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47539) @[Defined2014](https://github.com/Defined2014)
```

>     - 修复了包含 Limit 的非关联子查询列剪裁不完善导致产生不必要回表的问题 [#54213](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54213) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that when queries contain non-correlated subqueries and Limit clauses, column pruning might be incomplete and result in a less optimal plan [#54213](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54213) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)
```

    - Fix the issue that the recursive CTE operator incorrectly tracks memory usage [#54181](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54181) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)
    - Fix the issue that the memory used by transactions might be repeatedly tracked multiple times [#53984](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/53984) @[ekexium](https://github.com/ekexium)
    - Fix the issue that using `SHOW WARNINGS;` to obtain warnings might cause a panic [#48756](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48756) @[xhebox](https://github.com/xhebox)
    - Fix the issue that updating an `UNSIGNED` type of field to `-1` returns `null` instead of `0` when `sql_mode=''` [#47816](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47816) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)
    - Fix the issue that the `TIMESTAMPADD()` function goes into an infinite loop when the first argument is `month` and the second argument is negative [#54908](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54908) @[xzhangxian1008](https://github.com/xzhangxian1008)

>     - Fix the issue that inserting an overlarge number in scientific notation returns a warning instead of an error [#47787](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47787) @[qw4990](https://github.com/qw4990)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
```

>     - Fix the issue that the Connection Count monitoring metric is incorrect when some connections exit before the handshake is complete [#54428](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54428) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the Connection Count monitoring metric in Grafana is incorrect when some connections exit before the handshake is complete [#54428](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/54428) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)
```
